.NET: built-in custom sampling context data on ASP.NET Core (#3345)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/dotnet/guides/aspnetcore/builtin-sampling-context.mdx

---
title: Built-in sampling context
description: "Learn about the built-in custom sampling data that Sentry provides for ASP.NET Core apps."
---

You can sample transactions by providing a delegate that makes a decision based on the provided context. Sentry's ASP.NET Core integration automatically exposes useful data as part of that context.

For example, here's how to sample a transaction based on the requested path:

```csharp
using Sentry;

> SentrySdk.Init(options =>

Reviewer: ASP.NET Core isn't initialzied with `SentrySdk.Init`

```suggestion
UseSentry(options =>
```

{
    options.TracesSampler = context =>
    {
        var requestPath = context.TryGetHttpPath();

        // We're interested in the checkout page more than others
        if (string.Equals(requestPath, "/checkout", StringComparison.OrdinalIgnoreCase))
        {

>             return 0.8;
>         }
> 
>         // Lower sampling rate for everything else
>         return 0.3;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            return 0.8; // Sample 80% of checkout transactions
        }

        // Sample only 5% of the everything else
        return 0.05;
```
